last Friday there were two
great of Mexican food in the
municipal auditorium gustavo munguía y
teo gonzález the main course of the night
It corresponded to him liked with the
multi-talented cheerful and talkative
different performances on the screen
girl was like the comedian would be left
see in the city
that
the truth
two
we go
for the dessert of the night that in this
more than sweet occasion and would have essence
has been for the irreverent comedy of
teo gonzález the public was
more than expectant and willing to relive
the best of the comedian good attention
the everyday things that happen to you
they covered with numbers and those numbers are
those who play and win
Let's see
how much more
our objective exists here
you have to we want
when training
We've already had potatoes for five days
godfather
how many times salonic actually
yes
I am gentle
I do not know I do not know how many times we 've been
changed never
the 350 as springs raise the titles
he bought the two doors
although it feels mechanical of the middle 2015
one
beyond midnight the
tijuanenses that since 20 30 hours
they made an appointment in the boulevard precinct
Díaz Ordaz dismissed Gonzalez between
cheering applause and a big smile
tune by the comedy bomb
for frontera.info with information from
Ivan Moreno and images of chains
garay